Here it is today. Before I didn’t have member Zhao Xue,
Not something you would have. good,
You are still a prime minister. grandson,
Someone is guilty of apologizing here.
Moreover, it is also possible to understand the infinite situation.
Please have this matter. OK, come right away.
Okay, be silent.
Grandson will arrive soon. You Cheng,
Just wait here for me. It's just poisonous to people, but it doesn't protect them enough.
You can trust me when you are on my mission, sooner or later.
Let me tell you. The former boss is not only the general person in charge of CCTV,
Director Sun is his student
There's no need to make such a big fuss
We, Huayu, don’t have any red buns to eat either.
Just lock him in
Only then can we be considered as truly familiar with the subject.
But nothing special
I just want to let him know today
What do you call it all?
Let me see whose face it is
Meaning under administrative business affairs
Why bother Qin Ci to come over?
If anyone dares to ask questions,
You no longer have to look at me
This show was originally designed by me
how do you know
You broke the card
I really thought he was a food delivery guy
That person is the former boss
Get the people I know and live in CCTV